Add metadata fields for mappings (content gap initiative) (#6933)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _field-types/metadata-fields/field-names.md

---
layout: default

> title: Field names

Author: ```suggestion
title: _field_names
```

nav_order: 10
has_children: false
parent: Metadata fields
---

# Field names

> The `field_names` field indexes the names of fields within a document that contain non-null values. This field support the `exists` query, which identifies documents with or without non-null values for a specified field. 

Author: @mgodwan Please review this narrative for technical accuracy.

Author: Revised.

> The `field_names` field indexes the names of fields within a document that contain non-null values. This field support the `exists` query, which identifies documents with or without non-null values for a specified field. 

Author: ```suggestion
The `_field_names` field indexes the names of fields within a document that contain non-null values. This field support the `exists` query, which identifies documents with or without non-null values for a specified field. 
```

> The `field_names` only indexes field names when both `doc_values` and `norms` are disabled for those fields. If either `doc_values` or `norms` are enabled, the `exists` query remains functional but does not rely on `field_names`.

Author: ```suggestion
`_field_names` only indexes field names when both `doc_values` and `norms` are disabled for those fields. If either `doc_values` or `norms` are enabled, the `exists` query remains functional but does not rely on `field_names`.
```

Author: @mgodwan @rursprung Is the text at line 13 technically accurate? If not, please make suggested edit.

> ## Mapping example

Author: @mgodwan Please confirm this is a relevant example for OpenSearch users.

> {

Author: ```suggestion
"mappings": { "_field_names": { "enabled": "true" }, "properties": {
```

       "_field_names": {
        "enabled": "true"
      },
    "properties": {
      },
      "title": {
        "type": "text",
        "doc_values": false,
        "norms": false
      },
      "description": {
        "type": "text",
        "doc_values": true,
        "norms": false
      },
      "price": {
        "type": "float",
        "doc_values": false,
        "norms": true
      }
    }
  }

> }

Author: ```suggestion
}
```
```

---
layout: default
title: _field_names
nav_order: 10

> has_children: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

parent: Metadata fields
---

# Field names

> The `field_names` field indexes the names of fields within a document that contain non-null values. This field support the `exists` query, which identifies documents with or without non-null values for a specified field. 

Author: ```suggestion
The `_field_names` field indexes the names of fields within a document that contain non-null values. This field support the `exists` query, which identifies documents with or without non-null values for a specified field. 
```

> `_field_names` only indexes field names when both `doc_values` and `norms` are disabled for those fields. If either `doc_values` or `norms` are enabled, the `exists` query remains functional but does not rely on `field_names`.

Author: ```suggestion
`_field_names` only indexes field names when both `doc_values` and `norms` are disabled for those fields. If either `doc_values` or `norms` are enabled, the `exists` query remains functional but does not rely on `_field_names`.
```

## Mapping example

> {

Reviewer: This code example needs ```

---
layout: default
title: Field names
nav_order: 10
parent: Metadata fields
---

# Field names

The `_field_names` field indexes field names that contain non-null values. This enables the use of the `exists` query, which can identify documents that either have or do not have non-null values for a specified field. 

> However, `_field_names` only indexes field names when both `doc_values` and `norms` are disabled for those fields. If either `doc_values` or `norms` are enabled, the `exists` query still functions but will not rely on the `_field_names` field.

Author: ```suggestion
However, `_field_names` only indexes field names when both `doc_values` and `norms` are disabled. If either `doc_values` or `norms` are enabled, then the `exists` query still functions but will not rely on the `_field_names` field.
```
